what would you like to do
what would you like to do send text to
Bill Johnson record your message bill I
finally closed the rockford development
deal this should make our numbers for
the entire year saying scented listen to
it or we record it send it text message
sent what would you like to do send a
text to my daughter record your message
hi Adriana be home tonight at six I'm
going to take the whole family to dinner
tonight to celebrate say scented listen
to it for text message sent what would
you like to do read my email first
message from Tracey Roberts today such a
business plan next message to from Ron
Zephyr today's subject meeting Doug our
meeting in Atlanta was postponed until
next Thursday you might want to change
your travel plans reply record your
message Ron I got your message i'll see
you next Thursday say send it listen to
it or send it message sent what would
you like to do Paul Lisa heard hi Lisa
this is Doug I need you to change our
travel plans airline reservations and
hotel reservations and moves up the next
Thursday sure no problem is there
anything else you need no that's it for
now thank you what would you like to do
send an email to brett stewart record
your message Brett we've changed our
travel plans I look forward to seeing
you next Thursday say sended listen to
it send it message sent what would you
like to do goodbye have a great day
goodbye what would you like to do